you
Charlotte what a fantastic ride so you
scored a third place and yesterday you
were only talking about you know that
you're gonna take the golden Europeans
as a team and this is a very good step
on the road how did you feel right now
I'm really good really happy there's a
few bits and pieces in my tests that I
want better for the Europeans but
obviously he's only nine so I can't
expect too much but generally I was
really really happy with him reason
really good what can you do better me
I've nothing no I think I just need to
like obviously like coming out of my PF
for massage I i use a little bit too
much leg and he like jump forward so i
just need to have a little bit more
preparation to come out and my I need to
just set up my movements a little bit
more I help him a bit more because
obviously he's still only nine and he's
young and he's green and he's a bit
wobbly and so I you know I still gotta
help of a bit more how far do you think
he can go all the way yeah he's he's
going to be fantastic I mean he's nine
now and like next year is going to be
stronger and fitter and I'll be able to
i mean i i've still got more gears in
there which I'm not riding because
obviously the more I push that he's not
quite able to cope with that yet so next
year I have a few more gears and I'll be
exciting and how far can you go oh I'll
go as far as I can go I'm going to go
for the gold I'm going for gold now
obviously that's that's always a name
isn't it but hopefully if I can get the
team we can all get a team girl that'd
be brilliant you you working with
Colchester how is he has a trainer for
an adesso boss always fantastic we have
such a laugh every day it's just
fantastic there's not ever a day that
he's in a bad mood he's always taken the
mick out of me laughing and joking at me
but it's great we work together really
well he helps me a lot I help him a bit
I shot him and I love doing that so puts
him down a bit everyone passes feet part
from me but yeah no it's good so you
were to turn to ride the special
tomorrow and not the cure when on you're
ready for the cure
well I don't actually have a music or
floor plan as yet and i have the
Europeans in two weeks I'm probably
wasn't meant to say that but preparation
we are we have we are sorting something
out this week so if i had a music i
would do the music but I don't have a
music so I have to do the special sets
Carl's doing the ground free the music I
think I'm better off during the special
so there is anyone out there that has
some kickass music for Charlotte then
give it to her so now back to the bad
cop what questions do you have I'm not
that bad at all but how long are you
actually riding this horse I've written
instances five yep yep he won the
five-year-old championships six
championships he then won the novice
elementary medium advanced medium presa
dodging into one so he literally hasn't
been beaten over here okay and how much
how many Grand Prix's did you ride
already this is my first year so I think
I've done I done Vita band with him
Samia with him and then Fritz ins and
this soulless is like my fourth this is
my biggest one with him so it's
wonderful yeah so you will get the goal
I'm sure so Charlotte how are we going
to celebrate tonight well first of all I
want to celebrate for making the
European team because we haven't at my
parents have just come over so they're
here now so I'm going to celebrate with
them about that and then we're going to
go to find some bar I guess I don't know
haven't worked that one out yet the bias
you find the music for the Cure they did
in two weeks time absolutely yeah yeah
yeah congratulations and here's to you
thank you thank you very much